Hello and welcome to LinkedIn freelancing.
Your guide to finding clients through LinkedIn.
I'm Christopher Dodd, I'm a freelance web developer and
top teacher here on skillshare.com,
covering all things, web development and online freelancing related.
In today's short class,
I'm going to share my experience using LinkedIn to find freelance work.
We'll talk about the important mindsets required in order to succeed on LinkedIn,
as well as some of the practicalities around crafting
your ideal profile and setting yourself up for success.
LinkedIn, of course, is the largest professional network in the world,
hosting the profiles of thousands of local professionals,
all the way up to CEOs of the world's biggest companies.
Regardless of whether you're looking for
your next big consulting contract and opportunity
to just work part time from home or find your next full time job,
LinkedIn is the premier location to market your professional services online.
In this class, we'll go over some of the core lessons I've
learned from marketing my own freelance services on LinkedIn,
and how you can unlock opportunities to work with
your ideal clients through the world's premier professional social network.